website/docs: Enterprise docs (#6632)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/enterprise/manage-enterprise.md

---
title: Manage your Enterprise account
---

## Organization management

Your organization defines the members, their roles, the license associated with the organization, and account management for billing, payment methods, and invoice history.

### **Create an Organization**

1. To create a new organization, log in to the Customer portal.

2. On the **My organizations** page, click **Create an organization**.

3. Specify the organization's name and notification email address, and then click **Create**.

    Your new organization page displays.

:::info
If you need to delete an organization open a ticket in the Support center.
:::

### Add/remove members of an organization

In the customer portal you can remove members and invite new members to the organization. When you invite new members, you can specify the role for the new member.

> -   **Membe**r: can view licenses, including the license key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Member**: can view licenses, including the license key.
```
